feat: Support runtime control of connection rate limiting via socket (#930)
cloudfoundry-incubator/haproxy-boshrelease: docs/rate_limiting.md

```bash
$ echo "show table st_http_req_rate" | socat /var/vcap/sys/run/haproxy/stats.sock -
# table: st_http_req_rate, type: ip, size:10485760, used:1
0x...: key=:ffff:172.18.0.1 use=0 exp=7618 http_req_rate(10000)=10

echo "show table st_tcp_conn_rate" | socat stdio /var/vcap/sys/run/haproxy/stats.sock
# => # table: st_tcp_conn_rate, type: ipv6, size:1048576, used:2
# => 0x...: key=::ffff:203.0.113.42 use=0 exp=8123 shard=0 conn_rate(10000)=5
```

To find the IP with the highest connection rate, use:

```bash
echo "show table st_tcp_conn_rate" | socat stdio /var/vcap/sys/run/haproxy/stats.sock | sort -t= -k2 -rn | head -1
```

> Note: You will likely need `sudo` permission to run socat.

> ## Control Connection Rate Limiting via HAProxy Runtime API

Reviewer: Maybe make the two new `proc.` variables more prominent, by introducing them in an unsorted list, similar to the variables and options listed in the section "Configuration Options". It was first a bit hard for me to understand why we have these proc variables now.

One point about the naming: 
`connections_rate_limit.block` -> `proc.conn_rate_block`
`connections_rate_limit.connections` -> `proc.conn_rate_limit`

Is inconsistent. If we could still change the it and accept it's breaking, I'd prefer the following variable naming:

`connection_rate_limit.enabled` -> `proc.connection_rate_limit_enabled`
`connection_rate_limit.connections` -> `proc.connection_rate_limit_connections`

This would be more consistent, and having `enabled` instead of `block` indicates that this is a boolean switch.

Author: Renamed variables:
connection_rate_limit.block -> proc.connection_rate_limit_block
connection_rate_limit.connections -> proc.connection_rate_limit_connections

Enhanced the documentation

The `connections_rate_limit.block` flag and `connections_rate_limit.connections` threshold are stored as HAProxy process-level variables (`proc.conn_rate_block` and `proc.conn_rate_limit`) and can be changed at runtime without a reload. This requires `ha_proxy.master_cli_enable: true` or `ha_proxy.stats_enable: true`.

> The socket is located at `/var/vcap/sys/run/haproxy/stats.sock`. You will likely need `sudo` to access it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The socket is located at `/var/vcap/sys/run/haproxy/stats.sock`. You will likely need `root` permissions to access it.
```
